ID-1202	Staying at the Bon Aire on St. Pete Beach is by far the best vacation experience I have ever had in my life. The landscaping is beautiful! I couldn't believe all of the different colored flowers and plants. Also the hotel rooms were great. Everything was kept very sanitary, and the layout of the room couldn't have been better. In my opinion, the greatest plus to have staying at the Bon Aire was being able to get food and drinks all day from Sandbar Bills. Sandbar Bills makes one of the greatest cheese burgers I have ever had in my life. Everything about this resort is just all around amazing, including the location. Right across the street from the resort is a Walgreens that is open 24/7! At night when Sandbar Bills is closed, I could walk across the street and buy a snack. In conclusion, I would recommend staying at the Bon Aire over any other place if you are coming to visit St. Pete Beach. You will not be disappointed!
ID-0829	I was in town for my friend’s wedding and stayed the weekend at this Days Inn. I have stayed in many Days Inn in the past, but this one was horrible. The room smelled like stale cigarettes and mildew. I had to buy some Lysol and spray it on every cover of the room and bed. I think something was biting in bed and when I pulled the sheet back. I saw dead insects under underneath the sheets I was laying on. The water ran slowly so it was hard to take a quick bath or brush my teeth. There were all kinds of huge spot on the carpet from old spills or leaks. When I complained to the front desk, he was not very helpful. The hotel was full and other hotels had no vacancies because it was “Bike Weekend”. I will never stay at this Days Inn again and will not recommend it to any of my friends. They have lost a customer for life.
ID-0981	I am a business traveler that often had to stay at this hotel because the other options in the area were often sold out or more expensive (would get rejected by my corporate policy). Repeatedly, I was disappointed with this hotel. This hotel is stuck in a time warp for renovations and basic amenities. Even with recent updates in the lobby, the actual rooms lack the much needed updates. On one occassion, my room did not have towels or a shower curtain! Yes, the hotel can fix this but it shows the lack of effort and attention to each room. For a frequent traveler, I found the beds uncomfortable and lumpy. The blow dryer was old and while it seems like a small piece, it's an important luxury. The toiletries were as basic as they come and this is a Courtyard, I expect body lotion or conditioner! I have voiced my concerns to management and been contacted before but never heard back about changes being made. In 2011, I had to spend 78 nights here. I could change my travel schedule to avoid overnights so I would not have to stay here.
ID-1092	I'm a frequent traveler to Japan, and of all the hotels I've stayed in, my favorite, by far, has been the Park Hotel Tokyo. The hotel is located in the skyscraper district of Shiodome and lies within walking distance of the Ginza shopping district and the famous Tsukiji fish auction, a popular tourist attraction.  The Park Hotel Tokyo's service is excellent and the English-speaking staff are helpful and friendly. The rooms, though a bit small, as is common in Japanese hotels, are clean and have a stylish, modern appeal.  The lobby, which is on the 25th floor of the Shiodome Media Tower, has a beautiful view of the Tokyo Tower and there are often soft Jazz concerts in the evenings, giving the hotel a quiet, calm elegance. In the mornings, the lobby is bustling with patrons enjoying the excellent breakfast buffet. The buffet is not included in the room price, but I was fortunate enough to receive coupons on a couple of visits, and the food was excellent.  And when you're not relaxing in the lobby or enjoying your quiet room, the Park Hotel Tokyo is also within walking distance to several excellent restaurants and there is a Starbucks Coffee located in the basement of the adjacent building, along with a convenience store for late-night snacks or drinks.  The Shiodome area is primarily a business district, so unlike other popular Tokyo hotels, the Park Hotel Tokyo's surrounding areas are quiet on the weekends and evenings, though the hustle and bustle of the morning work rush can be daunting. That it's also a business district, however, means that it's a great hub for traveling, with many Tokyo Metro subway lines running through the area, as well the JR Shimbashi train station, leaving travelers a lot of options to get around.  Also, Shimbashi station is centrally located station, just a few stops from the main Tokyo station, Akihabara, the electronics district, and popular tourist destinations like Harajuku, Shinjuku, and Ueno.  Taking convenience, location, and atmosphere into location, the Park Hotel Tokyo has been and will likely remain my favorite hotel when visiting Tokyo.
ID-1056	This is easily Seattle's most elegant hotel. The Fireside Room, a stunning, wood-paneled lounge on the first floor of the building, is in itself worth a visit. With frequent live jazz performances and cocktails, it transports you to a bygone era. The rooms themselves, though on the small side, are dripping with atmosphere. The furnishings are elegant, the walls accented with wonderful period details, and the bookcase (filled with real books) is a wonderful touch. Everything, from the bathrooms to the linens, has a wonderful, lived-in feel. And best of all, the hotel is only a few blocks from downtown! The location is especially ideal for those doing business at the conference center, which is only a short walk away. If you want a homey, refined atmosphere, The Sorrento can't be beat.
ID-1001	The hotel was pretty nice on the outside for the most part, but when we got to the hallway our room was on the wall paper was in the middle of being replaced so it was all torn down, the carpets were getting ripped up. If they were in the middle of renovations I wish they just put us in a different hallway, or at least given us a discount.
ID-1272	We love staying at the Hyatt! We have two little kids, so having an extra sitting room makes our time here so much more pleasant. The boys need to sleep earlier than we do, so we have the freedom here of putting them to bed without having to sit around in the dark waiting for them to fall asleep. We've stayed several times, and have yet to have a dirty room.
ID-1114	From the moment you walk in, you know the experience at the Westin is going to be a fantastic one. The staff behind the counter are friendly and the bellhop will take your bags to your room while you check in. Everyone is dressed nicely and act very professionally; something you expect from such a high quality hotel. The rooms are large with nice flat-screen televisions to watch while you're laying on a goose feather down comforter. The bathroom is equally as impressive with marble floors, a large back lit mirror and a walk in shower that has stone tile! The in house restaurant has a variety of delicious menu options to eat while you look out over the pool deck. Valet parking is available as well and can be called from your room so you don't have to wait! I loved this hotel and would recommend it to anyone seeking luxury and comfort during their stay.
ID-0921	The Dillon Inn is a nice hotel, but I have a couple of complaints. The rooms were pretty nice, but the water in the showers didn't get as hot as I would like. Also, the staff was not very friendly. When I called the front desk asking for a few extra pillows the front desk person was not very nice, and I had to walk down to get them myself. Other than the lack of hot water, and the somewhat unfriendly staff, the hotel is pretty nice.
ID-1258	I stayed at this hotel with my family last summer. A big plus for us was that they accepted pets so we were able to bring our dogs on vacation with us. The staff was very friendly and accomodating, and the rooms were neat and clean. We really liked the fact that there were separate areas for us to walk our dogs and for our child to play. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will most likely be staying there in the future.
ID-1181	Worst. Hotel. EVER. The staff were really rude and nasty. My room had stained sheets and there were no towels. I had to ask the manager three times for towels and an extra blanket. To make matters worse the television would not turn on and the microwave looked like it was one of the very first models ever made. Then in the middle of the night I was awakened by the couple next door, who were shouting at each other. I'm glad, though, because a very large cockroach was crawling over the blanket.
ID-1159	Howard Johnson hotels are the biggest waste of time and money anyone could ask for. The rooms are so small that we had to rent another room to fit everyone in. As far as pets are concerned, you cant control how other people take care of them. That said once we came back home from our vacation, my dog was covered in fleas. I was completely dissatisfied with the staff of the hotel, they were very short and rude with my family. I am raising children and don't want them to think that is the right way to treat people but you can only shield your children for so long. This hotel didn't have great things for kids to do either. Once my children saw the indoor pool they were all over it. To my dismay as a parent never once did I see a lifeguard at the pool, which is very worrisome to me. The only time I would allow my children to go swimming was when I did, as I didn't trust them going there without supervision. The complimentary breakfast was a joke. They put out two trays of danish and a pot of coffee for the entire amount of guests it was very disproportionate. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone unless I really didn't like the person.
ID-1139	This hotel is located in downtown Richmond which is nothing short of a ghetto. The outside, while attractive, does not hold the modern flair I expect in a hotel. The inside of the hotel makes it seem like they tried to hard to reflect earlier times and I had a hard time finding the room. The layout of the hotel is confusing and the room was old and musty smelling. The staff are also impolite, the restaurant is overly expensive (especially for a beer) and the food was not as good as other restaurants we ate at in the area. The hotel was overpriced, but there are better options in Richmond from what I understand after doing my research. Beware.
ID-0836	I visited Syracuse last winter to watch some college basketball and I chose this Econo Lodge because it was close to the Carrier Dome and was pretty cheap. Even though the hotel looks small from the outside, the lobby and especially the rooms were very spacious and clean. I asked the very friendly customer service at the front desk if they could give me a wake-up call the next morning and they were very accomodating.  My room was incredibly clean and it had kind of a Spring smell to it even though it was in the dead of winter. It was also very warm and toasty, and a very welcoming relief from the frigid cold outside. That night, I slept like a baby in the comfortable beds with very soft sheets, and I was woken up the next morning as promised by the wake-up call.  I couldn't have asked for a better stay for the extremely cheap price and it was made even better the next day when my team beat SU! I will definitely make this my hotel of choice the next time I visit Syracuse.
ID-1097	The Westin in Virginia Beach is a rip-off. For upwards of $120/night you can have an amazing view of a parking lot. Your only option is to valet your car, at $20-$25 per night, plus tips, and the rooms will make you claustrophobic. The rooms are sparse with not even a minifridge and the AC rattled all night. To save the environment, or better yet, their pockets, they turn the water pressure to the lowest possible setting in the shower. You have to specially request that they change your sheets, and I had to call several times to get the proper amount of towels in the bathroom. On top of that, there was hair all over the shower wall. Paper thin walls mean you will hear your neighbors go to the bathroom, watch TV, or talk. I will never be going back again.
ID-1016	The historic Mayfair Hotel is a great hotel to stay at. It looks a little dingy from the outside, but inside it is very elegant looking. My kids enjoyed sitting in the plush waiting room chairs while I checked us in. The elevator up to our room was noiseless and quick. The room we received was very nice. Everything was in its place and my kids enjoyed the view onto the street. We had their continental breakfast the next morning and everything was perfect, just like the breakfast I would cook at home for my kids. Will recommend this hotel to others and my family and friends.
ID-0944	The Holiday Inn in Rosslyn is a cheap hotel in a great location. There is a great view of the Potomac River, it is a block away from a metro station, and a short walk to Georgetown. It is also convenient to Reagan National Airport. The hotel also has free wifi and a restaurant/bar on the top floor that offers amazing views of Washington.
ID-1026	The Inn At The Convention Center is conveniently located near major freeways and is only minutes from hip downtown Portland. As well, The Inn is just a few blocks away from the Rose Garden Arena and - as its name implies - the Convention Center. Also, if you have some shopping to do, just a few blocks down the road is the attractive, multilevel shopping complex, the Lloyd Center. We are located near several restaurants, provide free room service, have free Wi-fi in every room, and are happy to serve you in whatever way we can. If you are just staying for one night on a business trip or if you need a longer stay, The Inn At The Convention Center will provide you with what you need for a private, restful hotel experience that is beyond compare in this area. Please call our friendly staff if you have any questions. We look forward to serving you!
ID-1273	This hotel is clean, but it is so huge that you feel like it takes forever to get from one place to the next. They need more elevators. The pool area is very loud and full of kids. Do not stay here if you plan on relaxing, it won't happen! I will never stay here again.
ID-1161	The Inn at Northrup Station is a tiny, hole in the wall hotel that leaves a lot to be desired. The hotel decorations were wild to say the least. If you are anything like Elton John in the 70's, this is right up your alley. The rooms are a little overpriced for what they actually offer. The service is slow, I assume because of the small size of the hotel, and in turn, the staff.
