ID-1210	Went to this hotel when visiting nearby national parks with family. Front desk staff was courteous and quickly resolved any questions we had. Our 2-queen bed room was clean and spacious. Room has nice LCD TV, coffee maker, fridge, microwave, massaging shower heads, and good mattresses. We stayed for 2 nights and room was well cleaned and put together after first night with coffee packs refilled. Overall very satisfied.
ID-1036	Over the holidays, we stayed at the Westin in St. Louis,MO. The hotel is stunning! It's located right across from the Cardinals Stadium. The hotel staff was very accommodating. We requested more towels at midnight and they were up there within minutes! The rooms were absolutely gorgeous. The beds were extremely comfortable. My daughter loved that there was a phone in the bathroom! Great experience overall.
ID-1262	Beautiful resort with excellent views of the ocean. The large pool with pool bar was an excellent place to chill and unwind with my wife while we glanced over the kids playing in the various parts of the pool. Extremely close to the beach, which had the right amount of people that you didn't feel alone, but certainly didn't feel cramped for space. Very nice, friendly staff that gave off the calm, Caribbean vibe. Couldn't of asked for a better resort.
ID-1162	This is a fantastic botique hotel in Portland, Oregon. All the rooms are suites and include a kitchenette. This hotel is great for small families because it allows you ample space and you have the kitchen included where you can prepare some meals in order to save on some food costs while on vacation. The best part is that there are piles of Starbursts candies throughout the hotel available for the taking!
ID-1174	Headed up to Massachusetts for the New England Folk Festival in Mansfield. We booked in at the North Attleboro Super 8, since it was the closest place that had really reasonable rates. What a pleasant surprise to find an inn so clean, comfortable and well-appointed at this price level. The beds were firm, the room was roomy and the in-room fridge was a welcome convenience. In the mornings, we picked up bagels, butter, peanut butter, preserves, cereal, juice, milk and coffee from the free breakfast buffet in the lobby and took them back to the dining area in our room where we supplemented them with cheese, cucumbers and hardboiled eggs that we kept in the fridge. We were able to start each day with a hearty breakfast with no real expense of either time or money. You can be sure we’ll be back there again next year.
ID-1266	The Beachcomber Resort & Villas is what makes South Florida, South Florida. The moment I walked in I was taken back by the beautiful decor, and greeted by friendly staff. I was able to check in quickly, and with no hassle. The room was more amazing then expected! It had a BEAUTIFUL view! I looked out and saw ALL of Ft. Lauderdale on a crystal clear day. At this point, I decided I’d rather be on the beach then look at it, and no sooner then that I walked out the back door of the hotel, and was right on the beach. Beachcomber is amazing, the rooms, the service, the amenities all exceeded my very high expectations.
ID-1274	Absolutely a great hotel for families! The rooms are spacious, restaraunts are very kid-friendly, and the pool area is gorgeous. My children felt like they were at a water park, not just another hotel. We will definitely return for another stay here!
ID-1146	We had an incredible stay at The XV Beacon. It started with an upgrade to a gorgeous room. The hotel is in a quaint part of Boston hand the rooms are on the smaller side. However, this is made up for with the service and the decor. The room is so luxurious and comfortable. The bed linens are the highest quality I have ever seen in a hotel. The bath products are amazing as well. Everywhere you look there are wonderful details. from bowls of fruit for the taking throughout the hotel to embossed leather walls in the elevator. The staff knew us by name each time we passed through the lobby and always went out of their way to be friendly towards our young daughter. The location can't be beat either. it's like staying with a friend in their brownstone in Beacon Hill. I would never stay anywhere else in Boston.
ID-1074	The Holiday Inn near the stadium in Philly was one of the highlights of my trip last summer. I was there for a weekend to take in the sights and watch a playoff game at the ballpark. The customer staff was very professional and even told me of a discount that I was eligible for, which I had no idea about, and it saved me almost $20 per night! The room was perfectly clean and the beds were just as comfortable as mine at home, so I slept soundly the entire time I was there. The WiFi was great and the restaurant was even better the couple of times that I ate there. All in all, it was a very pleasent experience and I can't wait for my team to play in Philly again so I can revisit that Holiday Inn!
ID-1064	A night at the Hotel Roanoke is a charming experience and the perfect overnight getaway. there are many venues to experience from enjoying a quality gourmet meal in The regency room to enjoy the luxury of late night drinks in the Pine Room, complimentary big cookies waiting for us in our room. A walkway connects the hotel with the downtown shops, restaurants and large farmer's market.  The opportunity of exploration are endless in this beautiful city, Roanoke it self being known as the festival city of Virginia always has something going on form the festival in the park to Dickens of a Christmas its a amazing place to visit
ID-1246	The San Francisco Marriot at Union Square is an amazing hotel. I stayed there for three days during the summer of 2011. First of all the location of the hotel in Union Square is great because of all the shops and restaurants nearby and because of its proximity to many interesting San Francisco hot spots. When I entered the hotel I was greeted by the receptionist who had my reservation ready and who offered me many ideas as to what to do in the city whenever I left the hotel. My room was spectacular and had a nice big window in which I could see Union Square and all the commotion going on the street, which is nice when you're in a big city and can see all the city lights. The beds were nice and clean which is always a big concern of mine and the bathroom was equipped with many towels and toiletries, which was also really nice. There is absolutely nothing I can complain about seeing as the location, the hotel amenities, and my room were all wonderful. I would definitely stay there again.
ID-1046	This place is a piece of heaven on earth. As we drove up, we heard the sound of the ocean crashing against the rocks. The building was very open and inviting. The hotel staff greeted us with smiling faces, and offered to help immediately. The grounds to the hotel are well manicured and very lush. The rooms are luxurious. The beds, with their down comforters and fluffy pillows, provided the best rest. The soaps and lotions were heavenly. The lobby had nice areas to relax, and the beach access is as good as it gets. In addition, the pools are quite nice. There is even a slide for the kids and an outdoor bar for lounging and snacking, or drinks. The entire family enjoyed the stay.
ID-1160	Howard Johnson hotels are the best value for your money and your time. The staff there are very helpful and friendly, and the hotel itself is immaculate. Our family really loved the idea of bringing Fido on our vacation with us, and this hotel accommodated that for us. My children absolutely loved this place and everything about it. They were amazed at the sight of an indoor pool, and delighted when I told them they could go swimming. The hotel also had one of the best complimentary breakfast Ive had at a hotel. There was a huge selection of food. The rooms are big and spacious, so we had no problem fitting everyone in comfortably. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to get away, whether that be with or without family. One of the best hotel experiences of my life!
ID-1230	This hotel was absolutely beautiful as soon as I walked into the lobby. There are a lot of places to relax downstairs with lots of comfy chairs. The room had a great view of the town and it was a great place to relax. The bed was very soft and I had no trouble sleeping. There is a pool downstairs if you want to enjoy the weather, and the attached bar and restaurant are convenient.
ID-1194	My wife, two-year old son and I stayed at La Quinta Inn in Garland, Texas during our vacation this Spring Break. The staff was very nice and accomodating. They quickly brought up a crib for our son soon after we requested one. The room was clean and very spacious. Our bed was also comfortable. A great breakfast came free with the stay. They offered scrambled eggs, waffles, cereals, pastries, and much more. We had a great stay here. It only cost us about $80 a night.
ID-1134	My husband and I were recently on a business trip to Seattle that coincided with his birthday; while he was working one day I made a spur-of-the-moment decision to celebrate by whisking him away to Victoria, British Columbia for the weekend. I booked a package deal which included ferry tickets, a champagne brunch, and two nights at the famed Fairmont Empress hotel.  I kept our hotel location a secret from my husband until we arrived, and I'm so glad I did! After we docked and cleared customs and emerged into the brisk air, we rounded a corner, and got our first look at the majestic old building. It honestly looked like a storybook castle with its pitched gables, gothic Victorian architecture and a fresh dusting of snow. We both audibly gasped.   Once inside, the front desk was busy with other guests from the ferry. My husband and I stood in line but took turns slipping away to poke around the warm, elegant lobby. It had fascinating objects like model steamships and faded photographs of royal and celebrity guests enjoying the hotel's various amenities over the years. We were therefore in a good mood when the customer in front of us threw what might politely be termed a tantrum. The young clerk handled the matter professionally and quickly. By the time she got to us she was incredibly apologetic. By the time we walked away from the desk, we not only had a seriously upgraded room (with a harbor view and free wi-fi) but a lovely written invitation to enjoy a complimentary birthday dessert in the Bengal Lounge! Amazing.  This hotel is wildly romantic in the snow; because of it we stayed largely inside, snuggled into impossibly comfortable sheets and pillows in our luxuriously appointed suite, sampling the abundance of delicious teas (the Empress is famous for their Afternoon Tea service) our room offered. We had breakfast in front of a roaring fire in the Empress Room, which featured heavy dark wood, intricate carvings and ornate candelabra hung amongst tapestries and paintings. We had delicious champagne and curry at night in the Bengal room, overseen by a full-sized tiger (skin, anyway).   This hotel was one of the few I've ever stayed in that I can actually say I was content to just spend time in; wandering various floors, exploring some fascinating history and relaxing in the refined yet comfortable ambiance.  A once in a lifetime stay!
ID-1202	Staying at the Bon Aire on St. Pete Beach is by far the best vacation experience I have ever had in my life. The landscaping is beautiful! I couldn't believe all of the different colored flowers and plants. Also the hotel rooms were great. Everything was kept very sanitary, and the layout of the room couldn't have been better. In my opinion, the greatest plus to have staying at the Bon Aire was being able to get food and drinks all day from Sandbar Bills. Sandbar Bills makes one of the greatest cheese burgers I have ever had in my life. Everything about this resort is just all around amazing, including the location. Right across the street from the resort is a Walgreens that is open 24/7! At night when Sandbar Bills is closed, I could walk across the street and buy a snack. In conclusion, I would recommend staying at the Bon Aire over any other place if you are coming to visit St. Pete Beach. You will not be disappointed!
ID-1112	I stay at Great Wolf Lodge at least 3 times a year, its a great place to have fun with your family and friends. this place is amazing , It has a giant Indoor water park, with water slides and lazy river. The best part is you can go year round because the indoor water park is climate controlled. they have several activities for children to do year round, such as a wizard quest, and during the holidays they have a christmas play. these hotels are a great way to get a way from your everyday life for the weekend. access to the water park is included with your stay. If you get tired of swimming you can head down to the arcade and enjoy arcade games, and air hockey. This is vacation where you don't have to ever leave the hotel. for adults, you can enjoy their many restaurants and fine eating establishments.
ID-1234	The Kalahari is a great place to take your kids for a quick vacation. I went to the Kalahari a few months ago and had a blast. The whole hotel is rainforest themed, which creates a vacation feel, almost like Disney World. The indoor water park is phenomenal. Kids and adults alike will enjoy all of the entertainment that the Kalahari has.
ID-1182	I stayed here several times while visiting friends in Blaine. The staff are very friendly and everything you could ever need is actually within walking distance. Pizza Hut is next door, which is awesome! They also have free doughnuts every morning along with juice and coffee. The room I stayed in was very clean and smelled nice. I slept better there than at home. Even with the motorway practically across the street it was very quiet and peaceful. I'll definitely be back!
ID-1098	The Westin in Virginia Beach is by far my favorite hotel, which is why I keep going back. The fluffy white bedspreads and crisp white sheets will make you feel like royalty. The staff is very courteous and respectful, and the room service is prompt and delicious. I had to take pictures of my eggs benedict because it was plated so elegantly!! They offer a lobby bar and restaurant, a Starbucks, and a fitness center, with some bedrooms having fitness equipment in them. There are tons of restaurants and shops only a block away from the hotel! The rooms are spacious as are the bathrooms. The attention to detail is apparent- from the folded toilet paper to the elegant leaf-shaped soap! Everything is fresh, bright and shiny! I wish I could live at the Westin! You too will get the royal treatment here!
ID-1120	We stayed at The Oread in the Fall for a work conference and had a wonderful time. The staff greeted us as we entered and directed us to our rooms. The architecture is beautiful, with rock walls lining both the inside and outside of the establishment. It almost felt like we were in a castle. Our room was nice and clean and was well-appointed. There were granite counters and a comfortable bed. The pillows were so great that I actually asked to purchase one before we left, and they said since they get that request so often, I could order one to be shipped to my house. Overall, it was a great stay and I will stay there again when I am in the area.
ID-1228	I had a wonderful, relaxed stay at the Huntley Hotel. I wasn't staying in the priciest room, but all the staff treated me like I had reserved the penthouse. The desk clerk even helped me locate my wallet after I left it in the hotel restaurant. In addition to beautiful rooms and a kind staff, the Huntley boasts a location barely two blocks from the Santa Monica beach. When I wasn't enjoying the amenities of the hotel, I was lounging in the sun.
ID-1106	I took a trip to New York for a couple of days with my two daughters and we decided to splurge and stay at the Doubletree in Times Square. We booked a small suite on a mid level floor and were very excited by our room. The decor was exciting, bright colored and contemporary. Everything was comfortable and the bathroom was somewhat luxorious. We tried the exercize room too. It was quite nice and we were the only people in it. The reception area was stylish and appealing and the hotel staff were helpful and freindly. No one was snobby even though we were paying over $400 per night. We all had a great time at the Doubletree and felt welcome and comfortable.
ID-1258	I stayed at this hotel with my family last summer. A big plus for us was that they accepted pets so we were able to bring our dogs on vacation with us. The staff was very friendly and accomodating, and the rooms were neat and clean. We really liked the fact that there were separate areas for us to walk our dogs and for our child to play. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will most likely be staying there in the future.
ID-1116	This the best hotel for the money that I paid to stay there for a week last summer. Very decent breakfast and friendly staff. Internet was free and fast. I would certainly recommend this hotel to my friends and looking forward to my next stay there this summer.
ID-1102	The hotel was enjoyable because the price was reasonable and the service was quick.
ID-1212	I've stayed at this hotel several times and always had a positive experience. The rooms are nicely furnished and in good condition, and always kept clean. Likewise, linens have always been clean and bathroom towels are plentiful. The water in the shower actually gets hot and stays that way (I've stayed in places where taking a shower is a risky experience!). On our most recent visit we ordered a cot for our daughter and were pleasantly surprised to receive a twin-sized roll-away bed that was just as comfortable as the regular beds--and without any extra cost.
ID-1224	Hampton Inn and Suites in Lakeland Florida was a great place to stay! We stayed for a Dance competition for my daughter who is 12. the staff was great, the rooms were all on the same floor and we even had a free hot breakfast! I loved this hotels location, it was in the middle of a shopping mall and the girls loved to go out there and walk around or go to the movies all while staying at the hotel A+ Location and service!
ID-1270	This hotel and resort is wonderful for family events. The three pools are an added bonus. There are many activities to enjoy year round.
ID-1248	My stay at the Rennaissance hotel in Ft. Lauderdale coincided with the wedding of a dear friend. My initial plans for a place to stay fell through and I had to book a room at the Rennaissance after arriving in the area. The booking staff on the phone was very helpful and the rates were great considering I was reserving for a stay that would begin that very night.  I was very happy with the amenities at the hotel. There is a more than ample parking lot. The lobby was fit for an art museum, and the food was scrumptious. The room we stayed in was beautiful and overlooked the pool and a lake. Our bed was very comfortable and we slept like babies.   Overall the service at the Rennaissance was impeccable. The concierge was extremely helpful, polite, and responsive. If I ever need to be in the area again, I'll make this hotel my first choice.
ID-1226	I love staying at the La Quinta Inn everytime we travel! Their rooms are always clean, many have awesome pools, and we always are able to get a generous military discount (my husband is in the Army.) The first time we stayed, I was unaware of their military discount, and my husband wasn't with me. The clerk started to ring me up, and then noticed my husband's dog tags around my neck. She offered me the discount...that has stuck with me, because she didn't have to do that, but she went above and beyond for us. Also, the La Quinta almost always has rooms for large families available, which can be hard to find (we are a family of 6.) I would recomend them to anyone!
ID-1132	I thought that this hotel was great. The resort was huge, had many pools, and offered many dinning options. They also had a shuttle that would take you to all the different theme parks as well as many on sight activities to do everyday of the week. You could do paddle boats, play tennis and basketball, and play a round of mini-golf.
ID-1232	i recently visited The W hotel in New Orleans(downtown)for the first time and it was best hotel ive ever been too. First of all, the hotel is beautiful!! The valet is prompt and courteous. I was even given a bottle of Voss water upon entrance...for free!! The check-in girl was polite and gave me a free room upgrade. My room was immaculate and beautifully decorated. later that night i ordered room service and the food was hot and fresh. i requested a wake up call the next morning and i did receive it on the dot.  Checkout was a breeze and so was retrieval of my vehicle. overall, i give this hotel two thumbs up!
ID-1200	When other hotels in the area were either fully booked or offering sky-high rates, the Extended Stay America in Burbank was a great option. There was ample parking, easy access to local freeways, and the room itself was clean and comfortable. The best part was the kitchen that carried all of the pans, dishes, and utensils we needed. It was right in a huge shopping center, which was very convenient.
ID-1066	This hotel was a very nice and affordable stay. The beds were comfortable and it had cable. The shower worked great, and the continental breakfast included a nice variety of foods. I would definitely stay here again.
ID-1244	I stayed in this hotel while I was on vacation. This is an amazing hotel. Lobby is huge and my kids really enjoyed the time we spent there. TV was big size and very crystal clear. Bed was clean and everything was very organized. Staff was very quick in responding to phone calls. I went to checkout the bar at night and to my surprise it was also very big and lot of options for beer. Overall great experience!
ID-1188	The first time visiting a city you've never been in is scary. Luckily, my friend booked me a place at embassy suites, and it wasn't so sad anymore. It has a great view from the 7th floor and the lights at night are fantastic. It's in walking distance from the North Point mall in Alpharetta, GA and I just about went there everyday. I practically spent all my money going to the mall and eating out everyday, but it was a fabulous time. The hotel itself has a beautiful interior and the one I stayed at had a free breakfast, an indoor pool and a bar. What more can you ask for? The staff at the hotel were very polite and accommodating and it was just a pleasant experience staying here. I would definitely choose this hotel again when I'm nearby and need a place to stay.
ID-1072	The Microtel in Charlotte, North Carolina is a nice place to stay. It is located just a short distance of the Charlotte-Douglas Airport. It is clean and inexpensive, a perfect combination for a traveler on a budget. I stayed there when visiting a NASCAR race in the area. The hotel was roomy, the hotel staff was friendly and informative, and I enjoyed relaxing there. The beds and pillows were soft. I enjoyed my stay there and would gladly stay there again. 4 out of 5 stars.
ID-1124	The Ocean Creek Resort in Myrtle Beach is the Best!The Hotel is situated on the water in Myrtle Beach and has several pools for both adults and children. Because of the location near a creek the water is great for little children. The rooms are spacious and bright. the staff is very friendly and accommodating to your needs. The ocean side bar is perfect for sitting back and listening to music.
ID-1222	My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at The Flamingo Las Vegas. We very much enjoyed our experience there! The Flamingo is located at the center of the Strip and we were in short walking distance to tons of restaurants and other hotels. Our room had floor to ceiling windows with an AMAZING view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. The room was updated with a very large flat screen TV in the living room and even a small TV in the bathroom mirror! Check-in was very quick and easy and all of the staff were extremely friendly. The hotel wasn't stuffy or uppity like other hotels we have been to on the Vegas Strip. The grounds were superbly kept and extremely peaceful at night.   We ate at the various places in the hotel several times and were pleased with each experience. Margaritaville had a great atmosphere and great service. We ordered room service for breakfast and the french toast was amazing!   My husband and I plan to return to Vegas this year and will be staying at the Flamingo again. You just can't beat the price and location!
ID-1150	The Melia hotel in Atlanta was exceptionally nice. The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. They have a nice bar and grill inside the hotel that was very lively. I enjoyed the overall atmosphere and it was walking distance to the Georgia Aquarium and the Coke building. The price was reasonable considering the location. My room rate including a great breakfast buffet. I was with my daughter visiting the Georgia Aquarium and considering I did not have to spend money on a taxi or buy breakfast, I figured I saved at least $50 each day or $100 total. I would stay again.
ID-1184	We went to Sycuan as a birthday trip for my husband. Even though the hotel and casino are seperate it was nice because it may the environment at the resort a lot more peaceful. When I made my reservation online, I ordered a dessert tray to be delivered to our room as a surpise for my husband. We were only in the room for 5 or 10 minutes when there was a knock on our door from room service delivering our treats. The dessert tray was amazing! We not only had chcoclate dipped strawberries and fresh baked cookies, but also a GIANT piece of triple chocolate cake. We almost didn't make it to the casino because we almost slipped into a food coma from all the sweets. What also made our stay really nice was the fact that they had free transportation to and from the casino. You could call from your room, and be picked up outside of your room to be driven to the casino. The bus runs 24 hours so it didn't matter if we went late at night or in the middle of the day. The drive is only 5 minutes and they drop you off right in front of the casino. After being in the casino we got picked up and driven back to our room. We had such a great night's sleep and there was no rush to check-out on time.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants the comfort of a resort with the entertainment of a casino. I will definately go back again.
ID-1082	This hotel is conveniently located just blocks from the world-famous Waikiki beach. The room price was very reasonable, and the hotel had a lot of great amenities, such as a pool, hot tub, bar, restaurant, and gift shop. The room was quite comfortable with a great view of the city, although I know that for a little more money nightly, the hotel also provides rooms that have an ocean view. The room was secure. It had a nice bathroom with a hair dryer. It also had a closet with hangers, and an ironing board and iron. There was a fairly large safe in the room where I could store important belongings while I was out, just for added security. There was a television, a refrigerator, and a coffee pot. There was also internet for a small daily fee. The hotel is not only located close to the beach, but also to a lot of shops and restaurants. It is right on the bus line, so it is very easy to just walk outside the hotel and catch a bus to virtually anywhere on the island, including the Manoa neighborhood, the zoo, or even to Hanauma Bay, which is about an hour's drive away from the Waikiki area. Furthermore, I really liked the hotel lobby--it is a nice open air lobby with tables to sit at and have breakfast. There is a lovely fountain and koi pond. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a budget, but would like to experience Hawaii nonetheless.
ID-1060	This hotel was incredible. I stayed at the Holiday Inn in Binghamton, NY. The room was a perfect size, they had a mini fridge in the room which was a definite plus. The beds were comfortable and they even had soft and firm pillows! I would rate this 4/5. They were clean, and the staff was respectful. The services were perfect.
ID-1054	This hotel was very accommodating to our needs. It provided a comfortable queen sized bed and a pull-out couch for our daughter to sleep in. The continental breakfast was simple but just enough for our taste. It saved us the trouble of having to pay for breakfast somewhere else. The workout area was nice, as was the pool. Overall, we had a very good experience staying in this hotel.
ID-1052	I recently stayed at the Marriott Beachside Hotel in Key West, the one right off the roadway when you first get into town. It was pure luxury, and has its own private beach, with small boat rentals right there on the property. They have private cabana rentals and a poolside tiki bar. The restaurant is amazing and you can watch the chefs preparing everything right there from your table. It's a little ways from the main action in Key West, but they provide a free shuttle that runs every few minutes and drops you off right on the main strip, in front of the Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville restaurant. It's much quieter to stay off the main strip, and you don't have to worry about parking or driving if you've been partying. And who doesn't party when they go to Key West??
ID-1238	I've stayed at the 16th Street Mall Westin more than 60 nights in the past four years, on a combined business/personal trips. The staff and management of the hotel have always been friendly and guest driven in their service.   Love the hotel's location. In fact the reason I first stayed at the hotel is the fact it's on the 16th Street Mall and within walking distance of our corporate office. In fact after the first trip I stopped renting a car, there just was no need for one. The view of the mountains from the upper floors is breathtaking. The king sized bed has always been world class, as they are in every Westin I've stayed at.  The room comfort and staff friendliness are the reason I stay at this hotel every trip to Denver.
ID-1042	On a cross-country trip, hubby and I decided to stop overnight at this hotel. Upon entering, we were warmly greeted by the front desk and check-in was prompt and quick.  We went to our economy room and quickly found the bathroom facilities were not in working order. The front desk promptly upgraded our room for no charge (although there were many economy rooms still available). After a quick room change we went to check out the pool and hot tub area. The area was clean and well stocked with chairs and towels (and as a bonus, we were the only ones there). The pool was cool and clear, and the hot tup warm. After a quick dip we headed back to our room to enjoy the king size bed, huge flat screen TV, and premium cable. Our stay was very comfortable and no complaints about bed, bedding, or showering facilities.  The continental breakfast was superb. There was fresh fruit, cereal, eggs, and make-your-own waffles. We left filling full, refreshed, and ready for the last leg of our trip. I would recommended this hotel for anyone looking for a nicer hotel on your weekend trip.
ID-1166	The Polynesian Resort Hotel is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. We had a fabulous time. We especially enjoyed the look and feel of the Polynesian. You feel like you're in the islands.   The service was terrific and the food at the restaurants was very good. There are also great shops inside for shopping.   It's convenient to the parks and you can go to the other hotels in the area.   I would definitely recommend it and we are going back really soon.  Keep up the good work!!!!
