ID-0805	the hotel is very dirtyand its not clean at all it has roaches there.
ID-0895	I hate that motel is cheap noisy very load barly change sheets, ppl tent to break into cars and they barly do anything bout it just sucks...
ID-0905	This hotel is your typical corporate facility, which is ok if you like that type of thing. Centrally located and clean and safe. WHAT I DID NOT LIKE WAS THE EXTRA FEES FOR INTERNET AND THE PRICES OF MEALS IN THE RESTAURANT, THEY WERE OUTRAGEOUS. THANKS, BLF.
ID-0821	This hotel was absolutely disgusting. The price is low but it is definitely not worth it. You are much better off paying more and staying in a hotel that doesn't make you leave feeling filthy. The towels were tiny and had strange stains on them. The tv did not work and the hotel staff were not helpful at all. The worst thing was that the bed stunk horribly. It really smelled like a dead body laid in the bed for a month and then they didn't change the sheets. I can't imagine how long those sheets must have been on that bed for them to stink as badly as they did. I would never, ever stay there again even if they paid me.
ID-0997	The desk clerk was very nice. However the rooms were not nice, they had baseboards missing off the walls the tub looked nasty, the toilet didnt flush right, we had to go ask for a plunger to get it to flush at one time. The fridge was iced over. The price was high for such bad rooms!
ID-1003	I would not recommend staying here to anyone. The rooms smelled like smoke, although it is a non smoking hotel. The beds seemed dirty and recently used without washing the sheets. We had to stay here because our car broke down and the mechanic was only a few blocks away and we were over 500 miles away from home. At night, it seems like a party hotel with people hanging around everywhere.
ID-0833	I attended a business meeting out of town, and my secretary booked me a room at the Hampton Inn and Suites in Modesto, California. This was the absolute worst hotel stay I have ever experienced! I travel often for business, and in all of my travels I have never been so disappointed with a stay at a hotel or motel. The clerks at the front desk were rude and unwelcoming upon checking into my room. Noisy children filled the hallways at all hours of the night, completely disrupting my sleep. Getting ready in the morning was a total nightmare, as no hot water flowed from my shower. To make matters worse, when I left a complaint in the suggestion box at the front desk, the manager never responded back to rectify the awful situation! Needless to say, I will never stay at this property again or recommend this hotel to anyone.
ID-0927	Overall, this hotel was not the greatest. The room was of decent quality, but was not nearly as clean as it should have been. The room service was terrible in that it did not properly stock the bathroom every day, creating a shortage of soap and clean towels. The complementary breakfast was good, but basic. The free wifi was very slow and unacceptable. The casino shuttle service was nice, however it was not on time. The gym was crowded and disorganized. Furthermore, the jacuzzi suites left much to be desired.
ID-0867	The management was unfriendly, the pool was a glorified bath tub, the smoke free hotel room smelled like a tobacco field, our electronic key card stopped working at 4 AM (we were returning from a wedding reception) and there was no one at the desk until 4:30. Imagine being drunk and tired and having to use the toilet and having to wait 30 minutes at 4 in the morning....No thank you.
ID-0963	A couple of friends and my wife decided to take a one day short trip to the North Shore of Minnesota and at the end of teh day were so exhausted that we decided to stay in a hotel there rather than driving back to the Twin Cities. We stayed at the Grand Superior Lodge. Big disappointment. While they had rooms available, the hotel was so rustic the beds seemed old and were uncomfortable, and their restaurant closed at 8pm. In fact, all of the staff disappeared at around that time so we had to venture into town to find a place to eat. There were no amenities at the hotel and their only plus was the nice view of the lake they had. I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all.
ID-1005	I would never stay in the hotel again. The carpet looked and smelled as if it had been trampled on by a bunch of wet dogs. The microwave looked as if it hadn't been truly cleaned in months, not to mention the decor of the room looked as if it were chosen from a scene of an 80's movie. They claim to have free wifi but you have to call the front desk for a login code, well if no one answers at the front desk, this is pretty useless. The pictures on the website definitely overestimate the attractiveness of the indoor pool area.......the kiddie pool was the size of one of the baby pools that you buy for $10 at walmart. Needless to say, we were not impressed with the atmosphere. This may be a nice getaway for college kids that plan on being wasted the entire stay (this way the defects of the hotel woould not be apparent)!
ID-0949	THE WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER!Due to the fact the me and my husband did not pre-register to stay in a hotel during the State Finals weekend, we were forced to stay in the hotel. The first room we were given still had dirty towels in it. The service was horrible it took them 2 ENTIRE hours just to get us transferred to a new room. The WOST servicing experience of my life!
ID-1009	When we came into our room it had not been cleaned by housekeeping yet. We notified the front desk who moved us to another room. We reserved a non smoking room however the room smelled like old, stale smoke. It also had a musty odor as if there was mold or mildew somewhere. The furnishings were outdated and in poor condition. The lighting was poor which added to the drab appearance. The air conditioner was loud and leaked. The hotel was in a location that I did not feel safe in.
ID-0951	I booked at this hotel to save a few bucks but it was disgusting! Part of the hotel is facing a highway and I was given a room in this part on the corner of the hotel. It was so loud from trucks all night I couldn't sleep. There were drunk kids going to their rooms all hours of the morning! The hotel wasn't very clean at all. Not ever staying here ever again!
ID-0909	I booked a weekend at Terranea for my birthday. When I arrived my room was not ready at my check-in time and I was told I would have to wait. The front desk did not provide me an exact time but said I could walk around. An hour later it was still not ready. It took 5 hours actually. The next day at the pool a server came around and took my order while I laid out. They never returned. When I approached the pool bar it was mess. The sink was clogged and cups were everywhere. The price I paid made me really expect more. It should be a 2 star not 4.5. I won't be returning.
ID-0901	The Inn at El Gaucho in Seattle sounded like a great idea, being right above one of the most popular steak houses in the whole city, and located in the popular Belltown district downtown. However, the reality was far from great. The rooms were very sparse and the service was even more sparse. We waited for a long time just to get anyone to come to the front desk, and had to go downstairs to the busy steak house to find an attendant. The noise at night was deafening, with street sounds coming right through the walls all night, and music from the small movie theater underneath, which happened to be hosting a party that night. The prices were way to high for the level of comfort, which wasn't anything to write home about.
ID-0841	I stayed at the Quality Inn in Hinesville Ga, and did not like it. My first impression was they got to be joking. There is no quality in Quality Inn. Just old bed spreadings that were so thin that could see right through them. The corners of my room was dusty with crumbs and the bathroom was ruined with rust. The beds was not comfortable at all. I was not very happy with the room and will never go there again.
ID-1011	I stayed at this days inn hotel for 5 days and bill was over $250.00 way to much for this uncomfortable stay. Located near the main street and highway so it was a lot of noise all day and night. Reminded me of an old motel. Smelled musty and molded. No swimming pool!
ID-0947	I stayed for business for 4 nights. I requested a non-smoking room, but when I arrived the room smelled horribly of smoke. They did not have any other rooms available. The Manger's special in the evening, which is suppose to be drinks and a snack was horrible. There was no snack to speak of and drinks were $7 each.
ID-1013	I called weeks in advance to reserve a room, and informed the staff that I had a handicapped woman with me so I would need a wheelchair accessible room. When I arrived to the hotel I was shown to my room, which ended up NOT being handicap accessible. The handicap room was not available so I basically had to deal with what they gave me. On top of that, there were no towels in my room and the continental breakfast ended up only being frozen waffles. I will NOT be staying here again.
ID-0999	I had booked a one week stay at the St. Augustine Beachfront Resort but after the first night I left. To begin they gave me the key to a room filled with other people!!! Can you imagine that!!! Then they sent me to another room that the beds were not made and it was dirty. The third room the key did not work after a long drive the last thing I wanted to deal with was all these problems. We finally got into our room and it was very dirty, the carpets were black the wall paper was peeling, the shower had mildew and worst of all there roaches crawling on the walls. I have never felt so disgusted. When I walked out of the room there were rats crawling in the hallways. There is no beach access, so this is not a beachfront resort like they claim.The office staff is rude and very unprofessional, you can tell they don't care about there jobs at all. This a roach motel not a resort!!
ID-1033	My son and I made a spur of the moment decision to spend the weekend in Virginia Beach. We arrived and saw that the Palm Grove was on the ocean and had a vacancy. I was immediately annoyed when I had to pay for the room upfront. My experience only got worse. The interior is old and worn out- which I could have handles, except my room was also dirty. The floor had not been cleaned, the bed was messy, and there was popcorn in the sheets! Even worse, when I called the desk to change rooms, I was told I could not and after being treated rudely, someone came to clean the room an hour later. I should have left then and there. Needless to say we didn't stay a second night, and I'll never return again.
ID-0961	When I booked my stay, I was not informed that the entire third floor was under construction. We booked a business king room, which is normally on the first floor at other Red Roof Inns. Our room, however, was on the fourth floor. When I called guest services from my room to ask places that delivered food to the hotel, they only recommended the pizza company advertised on the room keys. After calling places myself, I was able to find a Mexican restaurant and Chinese restaurant that were not advertised by the hotel. The hotel boasts of having a 24-hour diner. Do not expect good service at this diner. They do not have fountain beverages and they do not pay attention to their tables. The heated pool advertised was dirty. The only thing good about this hotel is the free shuttle to the airport.
ID-1023	I really didn't like how cheap this motel was. It was somewhat shabby and not very nice sometimes to stay in the main building and was somewhat dark. The place didn't offer as much as I really wanted from a motel.
ID-0835	I went to Syracuse last winter to watch my team play in the Carrier Dome and chose this Econo Lodge because the prices were cheaper (because I found out later that it's in a pretty run-down part of town) and mainly cause most of the better hotels were already booked. I drove up there and arrived pretty late, so I was very tired and ready to get some sleep before the game the next day. After pulling into the small parking lot, I realized after driving around that all the Free Parking spaces were gone, so I had to drive down the street to a paid parking lot. Then, after carrying my luggage all the way to the hotel, I checked in and, in a sleepy haze, threw my stuff down in the room and went to sleep.Not more than two hours later, I woke up from incredible itching on my arms and legs, so I quickly turned on the light and realized how awfully dirty my room was. Then I looked closer at my bed near the sheets and I literally could see many, if not hundreds, of tiny bedbugs crawling everywhere. I immediately ran to the desk, where no one was there of course, and after waiting for 30 minutes for someone to show up, I demanded another room. I then got the new room key, went up to it, and after opening the door, I saw that this new room was no more clean than the last. And yes, there were just as many bedbugs in this bed. I grabbed my stuff and walked back to my car and slept there for the rest of the night. Needless to say, not only will I never visit this Econo Lodge again, I doubt I will ever even visit Syracuse again.
ID-0893	This Red Roof Inn in North Charleston, South Carolina is pretty inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for. The location is terrible. It’s right off the interstate in a very busy, loud commercial area. It should also be noted that it’s not as close to the historic downtown and beach areas in Charleston as you might be lead to believe. We got there a little early and the room wasn’t ready, so we went to a nearby Starbucks for about an hour. We came back after check-in time, and the room still wasn’t ready. They lady at the desk was nice but incompetent. When we finally got into a room, it was what you’d expect from a cheap hotel, and it smelled of cigarettes and cheap cleaning products. I think the worst part of it all was the other clientele there. We had a room on the second floor, which required climbing two flights of stairs. Some very unsavory individuals were always hanging out on the stairs and the landing. It made me really uncomfortable to walk to and from my car. Next time, I’ll pay extra and stay somewhere else.
ID-0817	The hotel has very thin walls and ceiling so you can hear EVERYTHING. You can even hear full conversations word-for-word. Even when we complained to have someone tell the person above us to be quiet, the manager didn't do anything at all. There was a county fair going on with bus fulls of high school kids having a party right outside our door and were shooting off fireworks. However, no one told them to be quiet. All the manager told us was that we could leave (without a refund).
ID-0803	On my way home from a trip with my family, the drive was taking longer than expected, so we decided to stay in a hotel for the evening. It was summer, and there were few vacanies along highway 299, but we felt lucky to find an open spot in a motel, just as darkness was creeping up on us. Unfortunately, there were many obvious reasons for said vacancy. The walls were paper thin, and we could hear the people on the floor above us walk, talk, and urinate. When they turned the shower on, our ceiling suddenly became leaky. The room was small, and dirty, with strange decor. Also, there is a tiny, tacky cage in the parking lot, which claims to have housed Big Foot. Overall, it was a terrible experience.
ID-0811	The Rio hotel is the absolute worst hotel I've stayed in on or just off the strip! It had the worst service! As we would stroll down the rundown hallways the smell of room service dishes and smoke was so dissapointing! The same left over food was left out for our two days stay. We could smell smoke in our rooms from the casino. My husband had trouble sleeping as the neon lights could be seen in our rooms with the curtains drawn. The casino was like an old bar room. Really bad ventilation! Last but not least! It took over sixty minutes to check out!
ID-0987	The Ao Chalong Hotel in Phuket, Thailand was a huge disappointment. We wanted to have a nice, somewhat luxury vacation, me and my two friends. We arrived at a later hour (but had informed the hotel that we would get in later because of our late flight) and the staff was extremely unfriendly. Since there were three of us traveling together it was difficult to find rooms that accommodated three people. However, when we booked with Ao Chalong we specifically stated that we would be three people and need a third bed. From the get go, the hotel had our reservation completely wrong and were extremely disrespectful to us. They made us very uncomfortable and the accommodations were terrible. We could hear everything from the other rooms and the locations were ugly and in terrible state. Stay away from this hotel.
ID-0929	When I visited this hotel, I thought everything was going to be great. It's appearance was not too shabby, but as soon as I got to the room, my opinion began to change. The room was nowhere near the quality that the rest of the hotel was; it only came with the basics, and nothing more. I would have expected more from a nicer hotel. The other surprising thing about this hotel was the staff. I did not feel secure at all. When I first came to my room to find my wife, she was not there (and I did not have a key). I simply came to the door, knocked, and waited one second. The maid down the hall came over and let me in the room. I could have been some stranger that was knocking on someone's room! I will not go back to that hotel because of this safety issue. Thank you.
ID-0801	We were visiting Salem and only stayed one night at this location. The room felt...and smelled dirty. It smelled like it had at one point been a smoking room that they were attempting to cover up and re-purpose as a non smoking room. The water in the hotel also had a funny taste and there were no alternatives to tap water provided that they were not charging a ridiculous amount for. All in all any mildly redeeming qualities did not make up for the sanitary levels of the room we stayed in.
ID-0923	The inclusion of insects in your hotel room isn't anything to be thrilled about. The motel 6 hotelier establishments typically have permissable conditions, however a particular experience of mind was quite atrocious. The room had a faint odor or must to it that denoted mold or mildew in the bathroom area. Also the maids or cleaning staff enter your room without knocking first, promptly apologizing however the damage has already been done. I do not appreciate people unlocking my door at a whim's notice and having complete unhindered access to my valuables which are extremely important. Documents such as my passport and my wallet were placed into the electrical safe only to find that the safe did NOT lock and opened with a universal key code of 00000. I will not be returning to this hotel if I can help it.
ID-0871	This was our first and only stay at the Ambassador hotel in New Orleans. When arriving we had to wait for five minutes before anyone even asked us about checking in. We paid for a deluxe room only to find that the room did not have a window looking to the outside. I must point out I said a window looking to the outside as we did in fact have a window looking out into the hallway? Also it had flimsy blinds covering the window, hardly blocking anyone from looking right in at the bed. It was mid-may in New Orleans which means its already hotter than a firecracker on the fourth of July, the air conditioning would barely work even after we left it on full blast for 6 hours. The only way to tell it was even on beside the rumbling of the motor was to lay your face on the vent to feel the semi cool air. After complaining to the hotel staff we were brushed off and never was able to get a hold of them again. I would HIGHLY not recommend this hotel to anyone, not even my worst enemy. As the room may bake you alive with the heat and the staff just do not care.
ID-0795	This hotel was mediocre. It did not live up to the hilton hype. It was not priced correctly for the service I got. It was nothing in particular that caught my eye. The lobby looked like a HG t.v. magazine threw up in it. The indoor pool might as well had been outside due to the fact it was a random pigeon flying about freely. The food was not as well prepared as I had expected. The menu was drab and had a small selection. I really thought I was ordering from a kids menu. The room I was in had such a filthy carpet. It was like the people before me threw a party then checked out when I checked in. The bed was ok, but for 123 dollars a nite it should have been stellar. The bathroom was also a little let down. The tub could barely fit my husband. I would not ask anyone to pay for a stay here. I paid the hilton price for a motel six stay.
ID-0899	I didn't enjoy my experience in this hotel because their were insects in my hotel room and it seemed very dirty.
ID-0969	Me and my family stayed here during the 4th of July weekend as a family get-together and birthday party. The resort has it's own water park, which is nice, but that's about as far as nice got. Upon arriving, the rooms were not what had been described to the person who purchased all of the rooms, and they had to purchase an additional room to make up for the misunderstanding. Later, one of the rooms was charged to another family member who checked in early. Another family member was charged with room service fees for meals they never ordered or received (watch your credit cards closely!). The rooms were dated and the carpeting was gross. The location of the rooms are literally a drive from the front desk, so if you need anything, it's going to take a while. And the maid service? Non-existent until the morning we were all due to leave. For the price, this place was atrocious, and I would never recommend staying here, even with the water park (the added resort fee pays for that). Save your money.
ID-0849	The Circus Circus hotel in Reno, Nevada is not even a hotel that I would send my worst enemy. Not only is the place in the middle of the armpit of America (Reno), but the hotel is just a mess. Everything, and I mean, everything smells like smoke. The smoking is supposed to be in the casino area only, but that is hardly the case. There are multiple restaurants, but they are usually closed and the food is horrible anyway. It is terribly old and it definitely shows in the rooms and in the casino. It is in serious need of a renovation asap.
ID-0967	We didn't feel at home at the Crowne Plaza near the Pittsburgh, PA airport from the moment we got there. The room was not clean, we had to scrub the bathtub before we even thought about using it. Airplanes continually roared above our room, which must have been right under a major landing path for the nearby airport. We expected a higher level of service and room amenities than we received. The outdoor pool was not heated, and it was frigid for late-August. The pool area was also not clean. We were glad for the morning to come so that we could leave and be on our way.
ID-0981	I am a business traveler that often had to stay at this hotel because the other options in the area were often sold out or more expensive (would get rejected by my corporate policy).Repeatedly, I was disappointed with this hotel. This hotel is stuck in a time warp for renovations and basic amenities. Even with recent updates in the lobby, the actual rooms lack the much needed updates. On one occassion, my room did not have towels or a shower curtain! Yes, the hotel can fix this but it shows the lack of effort and attention to each room. For a frequent traveler, I found the beds uncomfortable and lumpy. The blow dryer was old and while it seems like a small piece, it's an important luxury. The toiletries were as basic as they come and this is a Courtyard, I expect body lotion or conditioner! I have voiced my concerns to management and been contacted before but never heard back about changes being made. In 2011, I had to spend 78 nights here. I could change my travel schedule to avoid overnights so I would not have to stay here.
ID-0799	I recently stayed at the Astor Crown Plaza in New Orleans for a work seminar. My seminar was being held in another hotel in the French Quarter, so I felt that it would be best for me to stay in the French Quarter as well. I got a somewhat reasonable price for the Astor and thought that it was in a good location when looking at a map of the area. I arrived with a coworker very late at night due to plane layovers and was extremely uncomfortable when getting out of my taxi. There were probably 7-10 random people standing outside the doors cursing and yelling. I had to walk through these people to get to the door and there was no doorman to make me feel more at ease with the random cursing people.I went to check in and it went quick enough, however the woman helping me spoke only when spoken to and seemed very annoyed that we were checking in - like we had interrupted something. Just handed us our room keys and looked back at her computer. The room was fine - no complaints about the cleanliness. However, it is IMPOSSIBLE to sleep! With all of the commotion on Bourbon street below, you must bring ear plugs if you even want to think about sleeping! I was in need of some water and went down the hall to the vending area and tried to but a bottle and was unable to because it was sold out. I went back to my room assuming that it would be refilled at some point that night or the next morning. The next night, I tried again - no water. I then went to several other vending areas on other floors and no water there either. I went back to my room and called room service and did receive two bottles of water. I drank half of one and went to bed. The next day, I left the room for my work function and came back to see that housekeeping had taken my water! All in all, the location of this hotel is fine, but customer service, and water, seem to be lacking quite a bit! I will be returning to the French Quarter but not to this hotel.
ID-0957	I booked this hotel last week while visiting Philly. I am generally a fan of Hilton properties so when I called Hilton they offered this hotel which they stated was 15 minutes from downtown Philly. Boy where they wrong. this hotel was actually a 40 minute drive from the downtown area. When my girlfriend and I checked in, we did not realize that they were renovating the lobby and certain rooms, I with the telephone representative would have stated this!!Also, they gave us a corner room on the 2nd floor all the way at the rear of the building. The door to our room was ajar when we entered so I thought something was suspicious. there was a 30 minute delay in order to switch us to a different room. not a good experience. will not stay until the renovations are all done.
ID-0809	We arrived at the hotel about 5 pm. First of all google maps gave us the wrong address. Sent us 10 miles up the road. (not blaming the hotel). Then we went up to our room and the A/C was not working properly. The ac knob was broken and we could not turn it on or off. It took them about 2 hours to get someone up to fix it. Besides that the stay was blah. Nothing major or nothing to get excited about. I requested a partial refund and finally got one only because I am a priority member.
ID-1007	I recently stayed at the Aliante Station Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. I am a regular guest at Red Rock Station Casino, their sister property. I was enticed to stay at Aliante because of a deep discount they were offering. However, our experience was so bad that the hotel should have paid US! The directions on the hotel's website were outdated. The route took at least half an hour longer than if they had taken another freeway. We finally arrived and got up to our room. Despite opening less than a year ago, our room had many things broken or missing. Lights were burnt out, the television remote did not work unless we sat one inch in front of the television, our bathroom toiler paper holder was ripped from the wall and the sink water pressure was horrendous. They also forgot to stock our minibar, despite checking in much later than the usual arrival time. We tried to ignore the poorly-maintained room by dining and gambling downstairs. We first tried their cafe. The service was horribly slow and the food was tasteless. We next tried their Pancake House. The food was covered in vinegar and was disgusting. After those two meals, we drove to the nearest grocery store and prepared the remainder of our meals in the room or ate at restaurants off of the property. I shared my complaints with the reservation agent upon checking out and he did not seem to care. I will never stay at this location again!
ID-1180	I stayed here while attending a SHPE conference in Washington. The accommodations were very nice, the beds were comfortable, the walls were thick, the bathroom was of decent size - I absolutely loved the hotel. The staff was absolutely amazing and very hospitable- they went out of their way to make sure we felt welcome and enjoyed our stay during the event. One of my favorite parts of the hotel was the lobby, simply because it was large, but you couldn't get lost in it. There was always someone there to assist you with exceptional customer service skills. Everyone was very friendly during the stay.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and while some hesitate because of the price, it is really one of the best hotels to stay at in Washington in order to make the stay comfortable and positively memorable.
ID-1044	The Southernmost Hotel in Key West is absolutely amazing. The location is beautiful, right on the beach with an extremely accessible and clean pool. The rooms were fully updated and featured a beautiful Key West/Island decor. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. They answered all of our questions about Key West thoroughly and offered great recommendations. They even upgraded us to a nicer room upon arrival. The price was not exorbitant. The location was within walking distance to all the attractions on Duval.
ID-1272	We love staying at the Hyatt! We have two little kids, so having an extra sitting room makes our time here so much more pleasant. The boys need to sleep earlier than we do, so we have the freedom here of putting them to bed without having to sit around in the dark waiting for them to fall asleep. We've stayed several times, and have yet to have a dirty room.
ID-1084	Recently I traveled to Phenix City, Alabama to visit my brother who is in the army and stationed in Fort Benning, Georgia. The trip was lengthy and by the time I arrived in Phenix City I was absolutely worn out. I decided to check in at the Quality Inn. I ended up staying there for three nights and enjoyed everything about it. They had the absolute best hot continental breakfast that I have ever had at a hotel and my suite was always clean and stocked with fresh blankets and towels. If I had the opportunity, I would definitely stay there again.
ID-1252	This was a really great hotel to stay at. It has a great location close to Lansing attractions including the Lansing Center, the Breslin, and downtown. In addition to the convenient location, it is also modern and updated and the hotel was clean throughout. The room was very comfortable and cleanliness was not an issue at all. The staff were friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast was a great bonus.
ID-1156	Our family of 4 recently stayed at the International Palms Resort in Cocoa Beach Florida. This is an excellent resort for families with young children. The rooms are accommodating with a large bed and a pullout couch. The kitchenette was also convenient because we could eat breakfast and lunch in our room and only had to buy one meal per day out. We also really liked the on site restaurant on the beach. It was close and the food was good. It also had an upper deck with a full view of the beach. The pool area is absolutely wonderful. There is a large pool for the adults and the children's pool has a pirate ship complete with water cannons and slides. Our stay was very enjoyable and we will be visiting again.
ID-1154	My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Fairfield Inn and Suites in downtown Louisville, Kentucky a few weekends ago. The hotel was conveniently located right off I-65 and the hotel provided adequate parking. We arrived before check-in but our room was ready for us. Room decor is modern and colorful and I liked that the bath and lavatory were separate. The hotel was quiet and clean and the complimentary breakfast was one of the best I've had at a hotel -- fresh fruit, homemade waffles, bacon and eggs, etc, etc. Would definitely stay again if travelling to the area.
ID-1208	The Sheraton was divine. It had a trendy decor, great staff, and pleasant atmosphere. It was a bit pricey but it was also very worth it. I didn't have any issues with the staff. They were all very helpful and well trained. My room was like a gateway to heaven. The beds were soft, it was like sleeping on air. The bathroom was built with relaxation in mind. The dining was impeccable. The pool was another get away on its own. They even had a spa. This place exceeded all of my expectations. I couldn't have asked for a better stay.
ID-1268	The Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas is a great place to stay if you're looking for a place to unwind after a your wild nights in Vegas. Upon arriving the first thing you'll notice is there is plenty of easily accessible parking, that won't have you walking too far to get to your room. You'll enter and notice a large lobby with good abeyance and quick service. The food offered inside the hotel is great. The food court offers cuisine from all over the world, for cheap and affordable prices. The Indian food was AWESOME, quick and cheap compared to most of the prices you'll be looking at in Vegas. When I entered my room I was stunned by the size. For the $30 a night rate, I was not expecting a large comfortable room! The bathroom was more comfortable than being home. When do you ever get that? The staff at the Riviera was all sorts of friendly, even helping us find our way around the strip and letting us know some fun places to go that our 20 year old friends, and of-drinking-age friends could all have a blast. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm booking my room at the Riviera.
ID-1138	The Residence Inn Marriott was a fantastic hotel that I have stayed in many times. The staff is extremely friendly and always remember who I am since I travel quite often to this hotel.   The rooms are more than spacious as they boast a full kitchen, full sized couch, flat screen TV, a small dining table and a desk to do work on.   Also, a few nights a week they have free food and drinks on their first floor which is very delightful.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
ID-1104	We stayed here this winter and absolutely LOVED our stay! The service was impeccable and the charm of the hotel was perfect. When we checked in, we were created with frosty glasses of water and were taken to a beautifully appointed guest room. We enjoyed riding bikes around the resort and looking at the beautiful ruins, as well as lounging by the pool with drinks for the fun cocktail bar. The food at each of the hotel restaurants was delicious! We could not have had a better stay and will definitely be returning!!
ID-1094	The Place Inn in Oxnard, CA is a perfect place to stay if you are traveling up the coast of California. The rates range form $25 to $40 a night. Each room has a microwave and a fridge so you can keep all the snacks you want right in your room. The twon of Oxnard is quiet and scenic so you can relax all of your vacation. Some of the rooms also have a large spa that you can relax in. The staff is helpful and room service is always on time.
ID-1108	The Red Roof Inn was an excellent place to stay when i was needing to stay within a budget. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms had enough towels. The reservations clerk was professional. This hotel had a pool that was clean and well kept. The continental breakfast was good and fresh. There was plenty of parking. I felt safe staying there for the night and felt that i had enough privacy.
ID-1168	Hotel Penn is in a great location and at a cheap price. For less than most other hotels in NY, you get to stay in the heart of the city write across from Penn Station/MSG and a few blocks away from Times Square, Macy's, and many subway stops. The rooms aren't too small, and our room even had a view of the Empire State Building! The hotel is also surrounded by tons of cheap restaurants, and it is perfect for a tourist!
ID-1142	In 2010 my girlfriend and I decided to take a trip Puerto Rico as a reward to ourselves for graduating college. During the time, we were looking for vacation spots, we went on a website that offered great vacation packages. One of the packages included the Wyndham Rio Mar. My girlfrind and I immediately paid for this four night (air fair inclusive) trip. We originally did not know what to expect as the reviews for the hotel were good and bad. But this wasn't a deal breaker. Upon arrival to the Wyndham Rio Mar, we were impressed with the service, up-keep, and views from the hotel. The reviews certainly did not justice for the expereince we were about to have. The hotel was in an excellent location on th beach. We were within a mile of snorkling, horesback riding, and mountain climbing. We also wanted to travel into the city which they offered a shuttle and it was only a few miles away. The hotel also had four different restaurants within the hotle and a conference area. Overall the food was also great. The only drwaback was that is wasn't all-inclusive (Bummer). But all in all, this was an amazing experience.
ID-1128	This hotel is very affordable when my family takes trips to Lake Mead. You can find affordable rooms all year long and it is a very short drive to the lake and to the Hoover Dam. There is a gas station across the street and a casino, bar, buffet, and restaurant downstairs. They also have ice machines that are conveniently located, a game room for the kids and a decent sized pool and jacuzzi. They also have car spots that are ideal for those parking their cars with trailers. They have a small theatre where they show movies at a low price. The customer service is great. When we had an issue with a barking dog next door, we were bumped up to a mini suite in the small tower. It was great! I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Lake Mead.
ID-1078	I decided to stay at the Japan House Suites thinking that it would be just like any other motel and for the amazing rate I figured the rooms wouldn't be all that great. But, boy was I WRONG. The owners were very nice, helpful, and have AMAZING customer service. The rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable. And in the morning they make a made to order breakfast, which steak and eggs is one of the items on the menu. I couldn't believe this great hotel that i found especially for such a bargain!
ID-1206	The Wynn hotel was one of the grandest hotels I've ever had the pleasure to stay in. The shopping is truly the best of all the hotels on the strip! The rooms were ample in size and very modern in the decor. It was five star all the way! My husband loved the sports book and said it was the best of all he has been to. He should know he has been coming to Vegas since the '72. The night life there was fantastic. Surrender is now one of my alltime fav clubs to go to. Let me mention the view was incredible from our rooms. The water falls were beautiful too! I LOVE THE WYNN
ID-1164	The Naples Grande Beach Resort by Waldorf Astoria is a fabulous hotel located in the pristine beaches of Florida's Gulf Coast. This wonderful property features an unparalleled location overlooking the ocean while sipping a drink from your room's balcony. Helpful staff and high standards of service and cleanliness make it a great place to relax for a few days. If you are traveling with your family, Naples Grande features many amenities for kids, including a very entertaining pool complete with water slides and water activities. A second pool is available for those who wish a more quiet atmosphere while still enjoying pool-side service.   Located just a few minutes from downtown Naples, you can always venture out for dinner in town, or for some shopping. However, if you just want to get away you can park your car and forget about it until it is time to venture back to reality! Everything you may need is available at this fabulous hotel!
ID-1178	Once you book a room at the Baltimore Hyatt Regency Hotel, you will get an instant feeling of being right at home. The hotel staff greets all of it's customers with warm smiles and candy. The hotel staff, upon request, can give you a tour of the room that you plan to book. Once you are in your hotel room, the rooms are emmaculate. Overlooking the Inner Harbor and all of it's attractions. I was able to visit the attractions, have dinner in the hotel's dining room, and kick back and enjoy the room.
ID-1096	This should definitely be one of your first choices for a place to stay on any trip to Montreal, but especially if you are visiting for pleasure. It offers a bargain price for elegant, comfortable accommodations and an authentically high-class experience - the staff is great and friendly, and will make you feel like (whether you are or not) a celebrity. Also, its downtown location is quite convenient. Overall, one of the best values you'll find.
ID-1092	I'm a frequent traveler to Japan, and of all the hotels I've stayed in, my favorite, by far, has been the Park Hotel Tokyo. The hotel is located in the skyscraper district of Shiodome and lies within walking distance of the Ginza shopping district and the famous Tsukiji fish auction, a popular tourist attraction.  The Park Hotel Tokyo's service is excellent and the English-speaking staff are helpful and friendly. The rooms, though a bit small, as is common in Japanese hotels, are clean and have a stylish, modern appeal.  The lobby, which is on the 25th floor of the Shiodome Media Tower, has a beautiful view of the Tokyo Tower and there are often soft Jazz concerts in the evenings, giving the hotel a quiet, calm elegance. In the mornings, the lobby is bustling with patrons enjoying the excellent breakfast buffet. The buffet is not included in the room price, but I was fortunate enough to receive coupons on a couple of visits, and the food was excellent.  And when you're not relaxing in the lobby or enjoying your quiet room, the Park Hotel Tokyo is also within walking distance to several excellent restaurants and there is a Starbucks Coffee located in the basement of the adjacent building, along with a convenience store for late-night snacks or drinks.  The Shiodome area is primarily a business district, so unlike other popular Tokyo hotels, the Park Hotel Tokyo's surrounding areas are quiet on the weekends and evenings, though the hustle and bustle of the morning work rush can be daunting. That it's also a business district, however, means that it's a great hub for traveling, with many Tokyo Metro subway lines running through the area, as well the JR Shimbashi train station, leaving travelers a lot of options to get around.  Also, Shimbashi station is centrally located station, just a few stops from the main Tokyo station, Akihabara, the electronics district, and popular tourist destinations like Harajuku, Shinjuku, and Ueno.  Taking convenience, location, and atmosphere into location, the Park Hotel Tokyo has been and will likely remain my favorite hotel when visiting Tokyo.
ID-1062	This hotel was surprisingly well maintained and nice for the price. I found the room to be very clean and the bed was confortable. The wireless was lacking but data center in the lobby was such that I could work and not be distracted. I enjoyed the food in the restaurant and the bar. The staff was very pleasant and the night auditor was very helpful straightening out a problem with my bill. I'd defintely stay there again if I'm ever back in Dallas and would recommend to friends visiting the area.
ID-1264	I recently went to the Aulani Resort and Spa for a staycation for 3 days. Our party consisted of 3 females and 3 males all between the ages of 25 and 30 and we all found the hotel a great place to spend a few days to relax and be a kid again. We had breakfast with Hawaiian themed Disney characters such as Goofy, Mickey, and Minnie which was fun. Playing in the large pool and relaxing in the man-made creek was a great place to be. 3 in our party went to the spa and all came back relaxed and refreshed while my girlfriend, her friend and I went to play on the water slides and generally have a good time. The setting of the hotel is beautiful beside a salt water lagoon. The night before we left we had a delicious dinner at the Ama'ama restaurant. It was sad to get back to reality once we finished.
ID-1136	I was very impressed with the hotel. The exterior of the hotel was one thing, which is simply marvelous, but it was probably the roomiest hotel in the Concord, NH area. It is close to my brother's school, had excellent service and pretty nifty free toiletry, nice bathrooms, free internet connection and more. The attendants were very attentive, and I would love to stay there again if not for the price.
ID-1126	My stay at the Embassy Suites Hotel in Minneapolis, MN was an enjoyable experience that was enhanced by the many upscale benefits provided by the hotel. The highlight of these was the complimentary hot breakfast served in the morning. In addition to the normal breakfast components such as fresh fruit, cereal, assorted pastries, and the other usual suspects, Embassy Suits offers a cooked-to-order grill, where you can request pancakes, bacon, sausage, and their famous omelets. It was delicious!  The main reception area off of the lobby is gorgeous, with flowing water and plants creating a peaceful atmosphere that is a great place to sit down and relax, or chat with friends. I also appreciated the clean room (with comfy beds) that had both a sleeping area, and a separate living room space. Capping it all off, the hotel is right next to the Mall of America and 10 minute away from the Minneapolis airport.
ID-1204	This hotel was fantastic, everything about it was simply amazing. Not only that, but on my first attempt to find the place, my GPS took me to the wrong location (another Hyatt Place) and even THAT location was clean, and had nice attendants who promptly directed me to the other location.  The price and amenities are simply unbeatable. Due to extending my stay, I had to switch hotels, and let me say, this hotel offered twice the value at half the cost. When you enter, the room is split into multiple rooms, the TV is huge and HD, the WiFi is free, and the beds are so comfortable. Downstairs, they have a 24/7 desert bar, you simply walk down, tell them what you want, and they add it to your tab (they don't even ask for your room number, they remember it!). So convenient and amazing. When you show up, they even offer you a personalized tour!  And when you wake up, stop by the breakfast. Their biscuits and gravy are to die for.
ID-1216	I have no complaints and I’m a picky hotel guest. The room was clean, the sheets were not old, and the bathroom was spotless. Everything worked properly which made for a great experience while getting ready for an interview. The front desk staff was more the helpful. They gave us advice on where to eat, information on the city, and the place I was interviewing at. The continental breakfast had lots of unique options; it went beyond the average spread at a hotel. I’m impressed.
ID-1088	Thsi is the mose beautiful place I have ever stayed. A very small 40 room French style hotel. The staff is exceptional and the beach is the best in all of Jamaica.  Very clean and the rooms are great. Clive the beach security is the best ever in keeping all the venodors away from you so you can relax
ID-1114	From the moment you walk in, you know the experience at the Westin is going to be a fantastic one. The staff behind the counter are friendly and the bellhop will take your bags to your room while you check in. Everyone is dressed nicely and act very professionally; something you expect from such a high quality hotel. The rooms are large with nice flat-screen televisions to watch while you're laying on a goose feather down comforter. The bathroom is equally as impressive with marble floors, a large back lit mirror and a walk in shower that has stone tile! The in house restaurant has a variety of delicious menu options to eat while you look out over the pool deck. Valet parking is available as well and can be called from your room so you don't have to wait! I loved this hotel and would recommend it to anyone seeking luxury and comfort during their stay.
ID-1122	I stayed at the Red Lion in Anehiem, CA. It was within walking distance of Disneyland, which was great. The interior of the hotel was beautiful. The marble floors in the lobby were goreous. The room was tastefully decorated, with a beautiful bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and the bedding was clean. The housekeeping was great. I also loved the great HD TV available in the room. I would stay again!
ID-1254	My wife and I spent our honeymoon at Sandals Grande St. Lucian and absolutely fell in love the place. Our room was very spacious and had a nice flat screen TV. There was also three different pools to choose from. The main pool even had a swim up bar. Even better yet, the beach was amazing. This was true a true paradise.
ID-1196	When my family and I were on college visiting trips, this is one of the hotels we unfortunately stayed in. First off, the hotel was no where near the University campus, even though it was construed on the website that they were within walking distance. Note: I contacted their corporate offices and they have since taken this fact out of the hotels description.  The room was not no terribly spacious and the decor / ambiance of the room was very dated; think old floral paintings and an outdated lead-screen TV.  And it smelled! Oh dear god did it smell bad in that room. At one point, our family actually had to switch rooms entirely just to avoid the odor emanating from the bowels of Hell itself.  Would I ever go back to this hotel? Absolutely not.
ID-1118	I live in Houston and I usually stay at the Galvez Hotel on Galveston Island at least one or two times a year, as I live in Houston, which is about an hour away in good traffic. I like to go down there as a quick weekend getaway, to relax and unwind. They have a bed and breakfast deal that suits my needs perfectly. I’ve always liked their historical ambience, and they’ve updated the décor in recent times which makes it an even more attractive place. The staff is always pleasant and the rooms are always clean, peaceful and quiet, which are all major attractions for me. The hotel is supposed to be haunted, and I would love to see a ghost, but to date, I have never had so much as one paranormal experience. Despite my lack of ghostly encounters, I still love staying at the hotel because of its historic ambience, tranquility and beachfront location. One of my more pleasant memories of the Galvez is standing on the beach there at dawn, with coffee in hand and watching the sun come up over the ocean. The hotel is close to several of Galveston’s attractions that I like to visit. I come down to eat at nearby Pier 21 and have one of their shrimp poor boys, go shopping on the Strand and visit Moody gardens, which has a great saltwater aquarium and a wonderful rainforest pyramid, loaded with tropical birds and butterflies. If you want a loud, crazy place, then fly to Las Vegas, but if you need to relax and unwind, stay at the Hotel Galvez on Galveston Island.
ID-1152	The W Hotel in San Francisco, is conveniently located close to the Mascone Convention center and a couple blocks from San Francisco's shopping district - Union Square. The very chic and trendy hotel is well furnished, full of amenities like a gym and indoor pool, and the service is top notch. The rooms are very modern and there are several bars located within the building. The staff are extremely knowledgeable and will help guide if the most knowledgeable guest. I had the privilege to spend a weekend here and I won't hesitate to do it again next time I'm in the area. The hotel is also a stone's throw away from the SFMOMA - San Francisco museum of modern art for the art lovers out there.
ID-1242	I loved the time I spent at the Luxor. It combined an elegant design with an amazing staff. We stayed near the very top of the pyramid, and the view of the city was simply breathtaking. Even something as simple as using the elevator was a fun experience. Instead of simply going up and down, it's structured to take the unique slant of the hotel into consideration.
ID-1110	I loved the experience I had at this hotel/resort. The hotel was clean and organized. The heated pool was very nice when it was late and a little windy. The restaurant food was very delicious and fresh. The variety of food in the restaurant amazing. They had many typical Mexican dishes that were amazing. The beach was crystal clear and the sand was clean. I did not have to fear of getting cut or hurting my feet.
ID-1056	This is easily Seattle's most elegant hotel. The Fireside Room, a stunning, wood-paneled lounge on the first floor of the building, is in itself worth a visit. With frequent live jazz performances and cocktails, it transports you to a bygone era. The rooms themselves, though on the small side, are dripping with atmosphere. The furnishings are elegant, the walls accented with wonderful period details, and the bookcase (filled with real books) is a wonderful touch. Everything, from the bathrooms to the linens, has a wonderful, lived-in feel. And best of all, the hotel is only a few blocks from downtown! The location is especially ideal for those doing business at the conference center, which is only a short walk away. If you want a homey, refined atmosphere, The Sorrento can't be beat.
ID-1130	On my last vacation, I decided I wanted to go to a place that was quaint and quiet, but still had a suitable level of culture to partake in. This place turned out to be Charleston, SC. After doing research on hotels in the area, I decided on the Planters Inn on Market Street, a quite luxurious hotel for the area featuring a 4-star dining experience. Upon reaching the hotel the staff was friendly and greeted me warmly. Check-in was a breeze and soon I was off to my king room accommodations. Outside the room was a little round, iron-wrought table set for two overlooking the courtyard. The tall white columns were freshly washed and looked new and fresh plants were out. (The weather was a bit dreary the entire time, so I didn't get to enjoy that feature of the hotel very much.) Once inside with my luggage, the first thing I noticed was a card with my name on it and a teddy bear in the middle of my ginormous bed. The card welcomed me and the bear ultimately became a keepsake for my nephew. The bedroom was beautiful, and the bathroom was just as nice. The first thing I did was take a nice long, hot bath in the jacuzzi. It was the perfect way to unwind after my drive from Atlanta where I'd just barely fled some unseasonable snow. After the bath, I ordered the duck from the 4-star Peninsula Grill and a glass of champagne. It was my first vacation in almost a decade and I planned to live it up! My stay lasted a week, and all in all, each day was the a slightly different rendition of the first. Between sightseeing, visiting shops for gifts and keepsakes, and hitting up a few bead shops for my jewelry line on Etsy, I got to relax in some of the most luxurious accommodations I have ever had the pleasure of partaking in. The staff, from the front desk to the housekeepers, were all friendly and quick to answer any request. (Once I saw a bellman delivering chocolate covered strawberries that were not on the menu, he made sure I got some too!) It was a fabulous hotel and a place I plan to visit again in the future. Thanks Planters Inn!
ID-1100	I had one of my best hotel experiences in this establishment. This hotel is located right on the beach, had plenty of amenities and the people (both guests and employees) were full of energy and really made me feel both welcome and happy.
ID-1190	America's Best Value Inn - Golden Gate is just that, a great value near Golden Gate Bridge. The hotel was located near several different bus stop lines, which made travel around the city very simple. The Golden Gate Bridge was about a ten minute ride away. As for the hotel itself, the staff was very friendly, they held our bags for us when we got there earlier then expected and also let us check in about two hours early after that. The room we booked was a King Suite and the size was great for only $50something per night. We joined their free discount club before we went, so the room was a great deal. The shower had plenty of hot water and the bathroom was clean. We had never been to San Francisco before and so we didn't spend too much time in the hotel but it was clean, the bed was large and comfortable and the staff was great. We plan on staying with them next time we travel to SF.
ID-1192	The Pearl River Hilton offers an incredibly upscale experience. The hotel boasts 17 acres of extraordinary landscape, a full pool, and a gourmet restaurant on premise. The staff is extremely friendly, and the rooms are very comfortable - all with a great view! Additionally, there are many conference and event rooms in a separate wing available for your next special event.
ID-1256	Indian Hills Inn Taos Plaza is a great place to stay, especially for the price. We were in the middle of everything -- the shops, the restaurants -- and could pretty much walk everywhere. The parking was great, even though our stay was during Spring Break. The room was clean, and the beds were very comfortable. We'll book again the next time we're in Taos.
ID-1144	I like the motel 6, it was very affordable for what it was. Didn't have a bad odor like most motels. Pretty clean rooms.They are pet friendly so I didn't have to pay extra for my dog. Which is a money saver. I like the pool in the middle of the property where you can see rooms from pool.
ID-1076	Recently, I stayed in Las Vegas at the Motel 6 Tropicana. I loved this Motel 6. It was newly remodeled, and they allow pets. I travel with my dogs, so being able to bring them in is a plus. The newly remodeled room was very pleasant. I stayed in a non smoking room. It was very clean. The bathroom was spacious! The room was decorated in bright colored paint, and had a flat panel TV. The Motel 6 Tropicana, is located two blocks from the Strip. It made walking to the Strip a breeze. The staff was very helpful in finding a room on the first floor of the two story hotel. I also travel with small children, and needed to be able to access the room without the hassel of stairs. I'm planning another trip to Las Vegas in the very near future. I've already booked a room at the Motel 6 Tropicana.
